API-1851:  Event API: precise the URL target location can not be localhost (#628)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/events-api/subscription.md

Your Request URL will receive JSON-based payloads containing wrapped event types.

::: info

> For security reasons, localhost is blocked for Events API Request URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, local URLs cannot be used as Events API Request URL.
```
:thinking:
